this is lee sterling of paramount sports
com in the game I'm going to break down
and predict for you on saturday is the
game between the Clemson Tigers and the
Florida State Seminoles now before I
break down and predict this game just
want to remind you what's going on at
Paramount sports we are on fire we've
only had one losing day since the start
of the NFL preseason so you want to get
involved with a winner you got it right
here paramount sport's calm and just for
signing in will email you a free
selection each and every week now on to
this great game Clemson at home in Death
Valley laying the two points against the
florida state seminoles now if you watch
the the clemson game last week against
auburn great comeback they were down 21
27 that showed resolve they showed why
this team might be different than many
clemson teams in the past which have
failed which could not come back from
deficits and could not win the big games
florida state a lot of expectations
going into the season this might be the
year they might knock off Oklahoma they
might play for a national title well you
know what they're not there yet they
can't run the football only 92 and 27
rushing yards in there are two games
against louisiana-monroe in oklahoma
florida state also has a problem at
quarterback ej manuel going to this game
even if he does play is only about
seventy-five percent and then their
backup trinket even at one hundred
percent he's not going to be the guy
that's going to win a big game
especially on the road in his first road
star and clemson on the other hand the
record my boy looked great last week 30
of 42 he threw for almost four hundred
yards in that game 386 yards and four
touchdowns and wow does he have a weapon
and Sammy Watkins a true freshman out of
Florida this guy is the real deal
catching and running the football so
this is a different clemson team
remember
also it's a home series the home team is
12 and 3 against the spread when Clemson
and Florida State matchup I'm going to
say Clemson stays on a roll they win
this game in death valley lay the two
points Clemson Tigers 27 florida state
seminoles only 20 take clemson on
saturday you want to get involved with
paramount sports go to Paramount sports
com or call eight hundred four hundred
nine seven four one